feat(vmalert): expose group results limit as a metric (#11182)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert/): expose the effective group results limit under the `vmalert_group_rule_results_limit` metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert/): expose `vmalert_group_rule_results_limit` metric to indicate the number of alerts or recording results that a single rule within the group can produce. Thanks to @vinyas-bharadwaj for the contribution.
```
